com/example/zest/dagger/AppModule.java
 com.example.zest.dagger.AppModule
com/example/zest/room/entities/MealMethodJoin.java
 com.example.zest.room.entities.MealMethodJoin
com/example/zest/helpers/DateProcessing.java
 com.example.zest.helpers.DateProcessing
com/example/zest/dagger/ScheduledThreadModule.java
 com.example.zest.dagger.ScheduledThreadModule
com/example/zest/adapters/MealAdapter.java
 com.example.zest.adapters.MealAdapter
 com.example.zest.adapters.MealAdapter$1
 com.example.zest.adapters.MealAdapter$MealFilter
 com.example.zest.adapters.MealAdapter$MealViewHolderSelectable
 com.example.zest.adapters.MealAdapter$MealViewHolderSmall
com/example/zest/fragment/createPlan/PlanTypeFragment.java
 com.example.zest.fragment.createPlan.PlanTypeFragment
com/example/zest/services/DocumentService.java
 com.example.zest.services.DocumentService
com/example/zest/fragment/MealFragment.java
 com.example.zest.fragment.MealFragment
 com.example.zest.fragment.MealFragment$1
com/example/zest/activities/SearchIngredientActivity.java
 com.example.zest.activities.SearchIngredientActivity
 com.example.zest.activities.SearchIngredientActivity$1
com/example/zest/adapters/PlanDateAdapter.java
 com.example.zest.adapters.PlanDateAdapter
 com.example.zest.adapters.PlanDateAdapter$MealDayViewHolder
com/example/zest/room/entities/CompletePlan.java
 com.example.zest.room.entities.CompletePlan
com/example/zest/adapters/IngredientAdapter.java
 com.example.zest.adapters.IngredientAdapter
 com.example.zest.adapters.IngredientAdapter$1
 com.example.zest.adapters.IngredientAdapter$MealFilter
 com.example.zest.adapters.IngredientAdapter$MediumHolder
 com.example.zest.adapters.IngredientAdapter$ShoppingList
 com.example.zest.adapters.IngredientAdapter$SmallHolder
com/example/zest/room/interfaces/IngredientsDao.java
 com.example.zest.room.interfaces.IngredientsDao
com/example/zest/room/entities/CompleteMeal.java
 com.example.zest.room.entities.CompleteMeal
com/example/zest/async/FixedThreadPool.java
 com.example.zest.async.FixedThreadPool
com/example/zest/room/entities/PlanDatesJoin.java
 com.example.zest.room.entities.PlanDatesJoin
com/example/zest/room/entities/ProfilePlanJoin.java
 com.example.zest.room.entities.ProfilePlanJoin
com/example/zest/fragment/createPlan/PlanNameFragment.java
 com.example.zest.fragment.createPlan.PlanNameFragment
com/example/zest/fragment/createPlan/MealPickerFragment.java
 com.example.zest.fragment.createPlan.MealPickerFragment
com/example/zest/room/entities/Meal.java
 com.example.zest.room.entities.Meal
com/example/zest/room/repositories/CompleteMealRepository.java
 com.example.zest.room.repositories.CompleteMealRepository
com/example/zest/fragment/createPlan/PlanDateFragment.java
 com.example.zest.fragment.createPlan.PlanDateFragment
com/example/zest/adapters/RecyclerViewClickInterface.java
 com.example.zest.adapters.RecyclerViewClickInterface
com/example/zest/enums/ComplexityEnum.java
 com.example.zest.enums.ComplexityEnum
com/example/zest/activities/OnBoardingActivity.java
 com.example.zest.activities.OnBoardingActivity
 com.example.zest.activities.OnBoardingActivity$1
com/example/zest/helpers/IntentManager.java
 com.example.zest.helpers.IntentManager
com/example/zest/room/entities/Plan.java
 com.example.zest.room.entities.Plan
com/example/zest/activities/ShoppingListActivity.java
 com.example.zest.activities.ShoppingListActivity
 com.example.zest.activities.ShoppingListActivity$1
com/example/zest/helpers/Consts.java
 com.example.zest.helpers.Consts
com/example/zest/room/interfaces/CompleteMealDao.java
 com.example.zest.room.interfaces.CompleteMealDao
com/example/zest/room/interfaces/PlanDatesJoinDao.java
 com.example.zest.room.interfaces.PlanDatesJoinDao
com/example/zest/dagger/FixedThreadModule.java
 com.example.zest.dagger.FixedThreadModule
com/example/zest/room/interfaces/PlanDateDao.java
 com.example.zest.room.interfaces.PlanDateDao
com/example/zest/activities/MealDetail.java
 com.example.zest.activities.MealDetail
 com.example.zest.activities.MealDetail$1
com/example/zest/dagger/SharedPreferencesModule.java
 com.example.zest.dagger.SharedPreferencesModule
com/example/zest/helpers/ObjectMapper.java
 com.example.zest.helpers.ObjectMapper
com/example/zest/room/repositories/MealIngredientJoinRepository.java
 com.example.zest.room.repositories.MealIngredientJoinRepository
com/example/zest/room/general/Converters.java
 com.example.zest.room.general.Converters
com/example/zest/adapters/MethodAdapter.java
 com.example.zest.adapters.MethodAdapter
 com.example.zest.adapters.MethodAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/zest/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.zest.BuildConfig
com/example/zest/models/MealSearchModel.java
 com.example.zest.models.MealSearchModel
com/example/zest/room/entities/CompleteProfile.java
 com.example.zest.room.entities.CompleteProfile
com/example/zest/helpers/Validation.java
 com.example.zest.helpers.Validation
com/example/zest/room/interfaces/MealIngredientsJoinDao.java
 com.example.zest.room.interfaces.MealIngredientsJoinDao
com/example/zest/activities/AddPlanActivity.java
 com.example.zest.activities.AddPlanActivity
com/example/zest/models/PlanDateMeal.java
 com.example.zest.models.PlanDateMeal
com/example/zest/fragment/CreateMealPlanFragment.java
 com.example.zest.fragment.CreateMealPlanFragment
com/example/zest/helpers/AppConfig.java
 com.example.zest.helpers.AppConfig
com/example/zest/room/general/RoomDB.java
 com.example.zest.room.general.RoomDB
com/example/zest/extensions/GridRecyclerView.java
 com.example.zest.extensions.GridRecyclerView
com/example/zest/enums/TimeOfDayEnum.java
 com.example.zest.enums.TimeOfDayEnum
com/example/zest/activities/AddIngredientActivity.java
 com.example.zest.activities.AddIngredientActivity
com/example/zest/dagger/ImageModule.java
 com.example.zest.dagger.ImageModule
com/example/zest/room/entities/MealIngredientsJoin.java
 com.example.zest.room.entities.MealIngredientsJoin
com/example/zest/activities/MainActivity.java
 com.example.zest.activities.MainActivity
com/example/zest/enums/MealAdapterViewTypeEnum.java
 com.example.zest.enums.MealAdapterViewTypeEnum
com/example/zest/fragment/PlanFragment.java
 com.example.zest.fragment.PlanFragment
 com.example.zest.fragment.PlanFragment$1
com/example/zest/room/interfaces/MealDao.java
 com.example.zest.room.interfaces.MealDao
com/example/zest/activities/ServingSizeActivity.java
 com.example.zest.activities.ServingSizeActivity
 com.example.zest.activities.ServingSizeActivity$1
com/example/zest/models/AddMealActivityIngredientState.java
 com.example.zest.models.AddMealActivityIngredientState
com/example/zest/room/repositories/CompletePlanRepository.java
 com.example.zest.room.repositories.CompletePlanRepository
com/example/zest/services/ImageProcessing.java
 com.example.zest.services.ImageProcessing
 com.example.zest.services.ImageProcessing$1
 com.example.zest.services.ImageProcessing$BitmapSize
com/example/zest/enums/IngredientAdapterViewEnum.java
 com.example.zest.enums.IngredientAdapterViewEnum
com/example/zest/adapters/SliderAdapter.java
 com.example.zest.adapters.SliderAdapter
com/example/zest/room/entities/Profile.java
 com.example.zest.room.entities.Profile
com/example/zest/room/interfaces/MethodDao.java
 com.example.zest.room.interfaces.MethodDao
com/example/zest/room/interfaces/MealMethodJoinDao.java
 com.example.zest.room.interfaces.MealMethodJoinDao
com/example/zest/room/repositories/IngredientRepository.java
 com.example.zest.room.repositories.IngredientRepository
com/example/zest/room/entities/Ingredients.java
 com.example.zest.room.entities.Ingredients
com/example/zest/services/SharedPreferences.java
 com.example.zest.services.SharedPreferences
 com.example.zest.services.SharedPreferences$1
 com.example.zest.services.SharedPreferences$2
com/example/zest/activities/StartActivity.java
 com.example.zest.activities.StartActivity
com/example/zest/async/ScheduleThreadPool.java
 com.example.zest.async.ScheduleThreadPool
com/example/zest/room/entities/PlanDate.java
 com.example.zest.room.entities.PlanDate
com/example/zest/room/seed/SeedData.java
 com.example.zest.room.seed.SeedData
 com.example.zest.room.seed.SeedData$Units
com/example/zest/room/interfaces/ProfilePlanJoinDao.java
 com.example.zest.room.interfaces.ProfilePlanJoinDao
com/example/zest/fragment/GenerateMealPlanFragment.java
 com.example.zest.fragment.GenerateMealPlanFragment
com/example/zest/room/interfaces/CompletePlanDao.java
 com.example.zest.room.interfaces.CompletePlanDao
com/example/zest/dagger/RoomModule.java
 com.example.zest.dagger.RoomModule
com/example/zest/activities/AddMealActivity.java
 com.example.zest.activities.AddMealActivity
com/example/zest/application/MyApp.java
 com.example.zest.application.MyApp
com/example/zest/dagger/AppComponent.java
 com.example.zest.dagger.AppComponent
com/example/zest/room/entities/Method.java
 com.example.zest.room.entities.Method
com/example/zest/async/Spoonacular.java
 com.example.zest.async.Spoonacular
